time to go to the bakery we're just
gonna come home everybody left
all right we'll just tell Emma that
we'll be there as soon as we can bye
Rachel no dad sorry I can't believe they
gave you a ticket you're such a good
driver that was awake yeah can't believe
this is her first birthday she's awake
we're not even there everybody left
you're still the stupid obscene cake hey
maybe I can fix that you know try to try
to turn it into something else oh don't
even bother it's already ruined her
first birthday I do not know how
important these early experiences are
Ross very according to the back cover of
that book to you baby
right she's not memorable
no I just such an idea of what this day
would be like you know I'm a laughing
and everybody gathered around her cake
singing happy birthday then we would all
get stupid student I have to learn all
right
not bad but you made it into a bunny how
did you do that well I just made these
two things and cheeks and then I split
this to make ears some can sing some
condense I apparently can turn phallic
cakes into woodland creatures another
way to organize your stuffed animals is
by size I'm sorry it's a game for Emma
or for Monica game I know it's your
birthday today your one one-year-old
that's little huh that's my girl that's
how old you are
did I teach her that did I just impart
wisdom me till there's no one around why
don't we just take this one and head to
Canada I was kidding I wasn't let's get
going
hey I Ross and Rachel back no not yet oh
the party what about your massage plant
oh I just felt so bad missing this so I
just slipped him a little something you
know songs on back in five or six hours
it'll be all right
okay Ross and Rachel asked I've been
here the whole time the whole time Joey
we just saw you come in you ran past us
on the stairs I don't care that you're
left I'm just glad that you're here
thanks you guys
hey guys come on you got to see whatever
just did Emma how old are you how old
are you today oh my god our daughters a
genius damn it I'll put a candle on a
cake Oh ever look at your stuffed
animals lined up so neatly Thanks okay
here we go
Emma's first birthday cake what smile
are you okay
Oh yet nothing it's for happy tears hey
you made it into a bunny is wrong with
being delicious what it was a penis
[Music]
okay you ready yeah and record okay hi
Emma
well your first birthday is over
[Music]